The good:
- Much better to play with controller. Loved how when you changed your lightsaber color, your ps4 controller changed too. ^.^
- Voice acting was amazing and felt I was really drawn in, especially since the actors and actresses were their video game characters. The story was REALLY good, building a deep purpose, missions, emotions. (i got teary eyed good)
- Challenging - I jumped right onto Jedi Master difficulty and i got stuck a few places trying to hash-out the right mechanics

THE BAD : #1 THE ENDING ( they should have given you CHOICES : would have given the game replay value)

I did NOT like the REPEAT world maps , where you literally had to re-fight respawns after gaining 1 new ability, just to open a door that lead to no where. Why fight that big hard boss for XP, when I can just respawn the little mobs over an over?

I did not like the extremely linear, maze-map concept of nearly every world. I was hoping a new door unlock would lead somehere new , storyline oriented, but NEVER. just another hidden chest of useless recolors for your poncho.

I did NOT like the poorly designed 3-rd person view of the main character having "wobbly legs" because of the bad CGI modeling of the game-play engine. Seriously EA ?!, who in their right mind lets the release launch with that glitchy run? Older games like Assassins creed and tomb raider got it right , but this was UGLY.

Killing bosses and hard things felt very unrewarding, as you gained nothing.

Chests throughout the world only give small vanity items like a different color potato sack or "poncho" to wear or hilts to your saber which you BARELY could see those minute changes. BLEH.

I did NOT like the LACK of force resource , and the fact that the "stronger" swings (barely) , ate your TINY force bar. Force Unleashed was was more fun in respect to force use. (MELEE GAME )

OVERALL - worth it for any star wars fan - ending might upset you . GINGERVITIS.


I fell for all the hype surrounding this game. A great story so far but I can't believe how many bugs that this game has. Lackluster voiceovers for the most part (especially from Cameron Monaghan) and a completely broken system of saving. I could live with the saving system if there just weren't so many bugs that far too often cause Cal to miss ledges and platforms for absolutely no reason. Coupled with VERY clunky combat controls and you get a very mediocre experience of gameplay with a pretty darn good story. Hopefully these things will be fixed in time.

It’s a beautiful game and a great story. Gameplay feels like a less fun force unleashed with frustrating uncharted type puzzles. This game had so much more potential.

I don't know. Gonna have to give this game more time but it feels wonky, and just because it is being compared with Games like Tomb Raider, Uncharted and Dark Souls doesn't make it wonderful. It feels like recycled modes with a lightsaber. I really wanted to love this game but so far it's frustrating and there is minimal guidance so if you like dying a lot and getting nowhere you might like this game. I honestly miss The Force Unleaded games. Gonna give it another shot but I think I should have just gone with The Outer Worlds with Modern Warfare tucked in.

Grpahics go from great too 10 year old graphics. One second it looks real next second it looks really bad for 2019 game almost 2020. Just look at this pic of a wookie, that's pretty bad for 2019.
Glitches a bit. Will freeze here and there and load then unfreeze. And sometimes characters and items will appear a tad late in cut scenes were they arent there ine second bext second they just appear.
Story is almost just copy and past of the rebels tv show. Main character is very generic and nothing new and the game has other character i would of rather played.

The GOOD (kinda). You get some pretty cool moves and updates to your lightsaber (but you dont get a lot of the good stuff till near the end of the game). Some cool characters, (but some of the best characters dont show up till near the end of the game). I had fun playing this it kept me busy for about 2 days, then I beat it. It doesn't start to get good till near the middle to end ish of the game. Really wish I would of had a lot the moves and abilities toward the begining.
Slight spoilers be warned .
The most fun moves is pulling stuff towards you, double bladed saber, choosing multiple colors for your saber. And being able to split your saber in two. But cant did most that stuff till the middle to end of the game which is sad.

Not a awful game, but not a great game. But cuss it kept entertained anuff I was kinda happy with it. But the game could of been so much better. If you are pleased easily by your video games then this will be fine for you. If you are not easily pleased then best to pass on this or wait till it's under 60. (I wouldn't recommend the deluxe version, you just get a few things that arent that important to the game)

Case broken. Game is decent just surprised the game disc wasn't crushed upon arrival. Now I need to find a new case fore my game. Not happy.

the game is great but no code or an email came from Amazon for the Pre order I made of the game.

Not sure why everyone loves this game so much. It's just okay. Feels like controlling a fat toddler instead of a Jedi. It also has the same vanilla atmosphere and story as Outer Worlds. Not terrible, but not terribly fun. If your a huge Star Wars fan you'll probably enjoy it just for being that. Otherwise, don't bother, and go play Uncharted instead. This games basically just a rip-off of that.

About 10% of this game is great, the other 90% is trying to figure out how to get to where you're going.

The game itself is five stars. Lack of Game Plus knocked off two stars. They were *this close*
